# Investigate-a-Dataset---Medical-Appointment-No-Shows
Dataset Description Dataset link : https://www.kaggle.com/joniarroba/noshowappointments The Investigate a Dataset project!, The dataset collects information from more than 100k medical appointments in Brazil and is focused on the question of whether or not patients show up for their appointment. The Project Medical Appointments No Shows is investigating Medical Appointment No Shows dataset which contains historical data for more than 110K appointments made accross different medical facilities in Brazil for more than 60k patients A number of characteristics about the patient are included in each row 1 - PatientId Identification of a patient 2 - AppointmentID Identification of each appointment 3 - Gender Male or Female 4 - DataMarcacaoConsulta The day of the actuall appointment, when they have to visit the doctor. 5 - DataAgendamento The day someone called or registered the appointment, this is before appointment of course. 6 - Age How old is the patient. 7 - Neighbourhood Where the appointment takes place. 8 - Scholarship Does the patient have a scholarship or not? 1 = yes , 0 = no 9 - Hipertension Does the patient he suffer from Hipertension ? 1 = yes , 0 = no 10 - Diabetes Does the patient has diabetes ? 1 = yes , 0 = no 11 - Alcoholism Is the patient addicted to alcohol? 1 = yes , 0 = no 12 - Handcap Does the patient have a disability? 1 = yes , 0 = no SMS_received if the paients recevied sms reminding them of the appointment? 1 = yes , 0 = no No-show whether or not patients show up for their appointment ?  Question(s) for Analysis 1)Is there any relationship between attributes? 2)which gender more committed to the appointment ? 3)Is there a relationship between age and goes to doctor ? 4)Is there a relationship between Neighbourhood and attending the appointment ? 5)What are the insights and trends in Binaty variables scholarship - hipertension - diabetes - alcoholism - handcap ? 6)Does the length of diffenece between ScheduledDay and AppointmentDay affect the attending of the appointment?
